.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.\" Copyright (c) 2014 William Hubbs
.\" This is free software; see the GNU General Public Licence version 2
.\" or later for copying conditions.  There is NO warranty.
.TH pybugz.d 5 "20 Jan 2013" "0.12"
.nh
.SH NAME
pybugz.d - configuration files for pybugz
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /usr/share/pybugz.d/*.conf
.PP
.B /etc/pybugz.d/*.conf
.PP
.B ~/.bugzrc
.\" .SH OPTIONS
.\" .TP
.\" .B \-o value, \-\^\-long=value
.\" Describe the option.
.SH DESCRIPTION
When started, bugz reads configuration files from all of the locations
listed above, in the order listed. In the directories, it reads the
files in lexical order.
.PP
Files located in /usr/share/pybugz.d/*.conf are provided by pybugz
and should not be modified.
.PP
Files located in /etc/pybugz.d/*.conf, if it exists, are provided by the
system administrator.
.PP
The final file that is read, if it exists, is ~/.bugzrc by default. This
is the user-specific configuration file. This file name can be
overridden on the command line by using the --config-file option.
.SH CONFIGURATION FILE FORMAT
A configuration file consists of sections which define parameters for
the Bugzillas you intend to use. Each section starts with a
case-sensitive section name in square brackets and is followed by the
settings, in the form "key = value" or "key : value", which define the
parameters for this bugzilla instance.
.PP
The section name is  also the name that should be
used with the --connection option of the bugz command or the
"connection" setting in the default section of the configuration file.
.PP
The section named [default] is special. Any settings defined in this
section will have the value they are given here in all other sections
unless they are overridden. So, for example, if you want to use the
same username for most of your bugzillas, define user in the default
section.
.PP
Comments are also allowed. A comment must begin with "#" or ";" and be
on a line of its own.
.SH CONFIGURATION SETTINGS
This is a list of the current settings supported by pybugz.
.PP
connection = sectionname
.PP
This is used in the default section to define the bugzilla you connect
with most of the time. It is not an error to put it in another section,
but it does not make much sense to do so.
.PP
base = http://my.project.com/bugzilla/xmlrpc.cgi
.PP
base = http://myhttpname:myhttppasswd@my.project.com/bugzilla/xmlrpc.cgi
.PP
This is the base URL of the bugzilla. It must point to the xmlrpc.cgi
script on the bugzilla installation. The second form is used if you need
to encode a username and password into the URL for basic http
authentication.
.PP
user = myname@my.project.com
.PP
password = secret2
.PP
These set your username and password for this bugzilla. If you do not
provide one or both of these and you do not use the key setting below,
you will be prompted for the setting you do not provide.
.PP
passwordcmd = gpg --decrypt ~/.my-encrypted-password.gpg
.PP
As another alternative for storing your password, you can provide a
password command. This command will be run, and pybugz expects it to
output the password to stdout. The example above uses gpg to decrypt an
encrypted password stored in a file. The default setting is undefined,
so it will not be used unless you define it.
.PP
key = string
.PP
This is your API key, which is an alternative way to authenticate for Bugzilla
5.0 and newer.
To use this, you must generate an API key in the preferences section of
Bugzilla and set it to that value. This overrides the username and
password settings. The default is undefined.
.PP
columns = 80
.PP
This is the number of columns your terminal can display. Most of the
time, pybugz should be able to determine this value. If it cannot, the
default value is 80, so more than likely you will never have to change
this setting.
.PP
debug = 0
.PP
This sets the level of debug logging. This is mostly used for
development purposes. It causes PyBugz to print out debugging information
as it runs.
.PP
quiet = False
.PP
If set to true, this requests that pybugz run in quiet mode. This means
only output returned from the Bugzilla will be displayed; several more
verbose log messages will not be displayed.
.PP
product = string
.PP
This is the default setting for the product field in bugs in this
Bugzilla instance. It is possible to define this in the default section.
However, it does not make sense to do so most of the time. If this is
set, you will not be prompted for a product when you run bugz post, and
this value will also be the default for bugz search.
.PP
component = string
.PP
This is the default setting for the component field in bugs in this
Bugzilla instance. It is possible to define this in the default section.
However, it does not make sense to do so most of the time. If this is
set, you will not be prompted for a component when you run bugz post,
and this will also be the default value for bugz search.
.PP
search_statuses = confirmed, in_progress, unconfirmed
.PP
This sets the default statuses to be used in a search command. It is a
space separated list of Bugzilla statuses.
.SH BUGS
.PP
The home page of this project is http://www.github.com/williamh/pybugz.
Bugs should be reported to the bug tracker there.
.\" .SH SEE ALSO
.\" .PP
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
William Hubbs <w.d.hubbs@gmail.com>
